Release v1.0 - 26 October 2015
	- First Release

Release v1.1 - 17 May 2016
	- Make the base only use 75% power over main when
	  sterilization. 	
Release v1.2 - 18 May 2016
	- Make the sterilization set point to 180oC. This
	  is for NPD test. 
Release v1.3 - 18 May 2016
	- Make the second heater only using 90% power over 
	  main during sterilization. This is for NPD test. 
Release v1.4 - 19 May 2016
	- Make the sterilization point to 200oC.
	- base is 75% power over main.
	- decon heater is 95% power over main.
 	- make the variable for reference becoming const
	  to solve the offset variable and set point 
	  variable changing by itself during operation. 
Release v1.5 - 17 June 2016
	- add solenoid valve as actuator in RH control to 
	  help to reduce the %RH faster.
Release v1.6 - 1 August 2016
	- At file OMB_Digital Inputs.c add fix base 10% and 
  	  fix secondary 5% during door open. and turn off 
          only the base after the door isclosed. 
	- At file O2_Control.c remove the O2 set point 
          maximum condition to control O2 level. Remove as
	  well the O2 has reach set point flag for evaluating
	  O2 alarm system. Then change the port for backup 
	  solenoid from  J23 using J56
        - At OMB_Mode.c add to turn off all PID heaters and turn
 	  on the fail safe relay each time come back to normal 
          mode operation. 
        - At OMB_UTI_Comm.c in Event_Int_I2C_Write_Reg, the 
          change initiated by display board for register IRCO2_OFFSET,
          CO2SP, RHSP, O2SP, TSP is done immediately in the function,
          executed by interrupt.
	  While before it was polled in the  main event. 
	- At file RH_Control.c, the RH set point change poll is removed. 
          And solenoid valve is now using J23 whereas bfore is using J56.
        - At file CO2_Control.c, the CO2 set point change poll is removed.
          The maximum set point limit to run to CO2 control routine
          is removed. And the set point reach flag condition to 
          evaluate the CO2 alarm system is removed.
	- At file TempControl.c, the temperature maximum and minimum 
 	  set point limit to control temprature is removed.
	  The temperature set point reach flag condition to 
          evaluate the alarm system is removed.Remove error offest in 
 	  PID calculation. Add fail safe condition where if the 
          actual temperature has raised 5 degree above set points
          the fail save relay to supply AC voltage will shut down. 
	  Remove the deviation alarm logic since it is unnecessary.
Release v1.7 - 2 September 2016
	- At file TempControl.c the base heater in normal mode operation
          will be always active only based on PID calculation while previously
	  it will activate based on PID calculation and PiD calculation 
          manager. 

Release v1.8 - 20 October 2016
	- At file CO2_Control.c the PI calcultation for Co2 control
  	  is using float numbers and remove the offset error.
	- At file EventScheduler.c the PI  add function to return the
 	  ENDIS flag of Int event. 
Release v1.9  - 31 October 2016
	- At file Co2_Control.c the CO2 solenoid injection timer 
          is inhibited by it's main event enable disable status to make
	  sure the injection is only onced every period and if set more
	  then the period, it will finish the period time set first.
	- At file EventRTC.c is adding the RTC_Event to turn on the base 
	  heater on first 10 minutes each time the door is closed after an
 	  opening and each time after reset or a power cycle. This routine
          is called as RH boost logic routine.
	- At file EventScheduler.c the event for calculating CO2 PI control
	  value is set to have 1 second periode while before is 10 second 
	  periode. Add the event interrupt for RH boost logic.
	- At file OMB_DigitalInputs.c each time door is closed, it will 
          triggers an interrupt event to poll the RH boost logic routine.
	- At file TempControl.c is added the Event_IntRHBoost to monitor
	  and make sure that the base heater is on 100% for 10 minutes 
 	  each time after door open or after a reset or after a power 
   	  cycle to boost up the logic.
Release v2.0 - 21 Novemberv2016
	- At file CO2_ontrol.c remove the inhibition to trigger the CO2
          solenoid valve
	- At file EventRTC.c remove the remove the RTC event of 10 minutes 
	  base heater turn on. Replace and add with RTC event for pump on and 
  	  RTC event for pump off
	- At file EventScheduler.c the period for CO2 PI calculation is
 	  returned back to 10 seconds. Remove the event poll interrupt for 
	  RH boost routine
	- At file OMB_DigitalInput.c replave the Event Pump Chamber on with
	  triggering the RTCEventPumpChamberON so the pump will on triggered
   	  by timer during door closed. But during door open the pump will be 
 	  turned off by RTC event of pump off and stop the RTC event timer
  	  to pump on.
	- At file OMB_Mode.c  in the set to normal operation routine, the 
	  routine to trigger the RTC event to start pumping On is added. 
   	  And  in the set to decontamination mode operation routine, the 
	  logic to turn off the RTC event for pump on or pump off is clear
	  and disabled to prevent the  pump running in an event of sterilization. 
	- At file TempControl.c the routine to control the on and off pump 
	  duty cycle with period of 1 hours is added and introduced. 
	  User is able to set the duty cycle for the pump operation by using
	  unused UV_RUn_Timer flagg.


	- 

	

